This collection contains eight murder stories written by some of the finest British and American mystery writers of the twentieth century.
Many, like Colin Dexter and Patricia Highsmith, are best known for their full-length works while others, like Jack Ritchie, specialize in the short story In some of these stories, like Sara Paretsky s  At the Old Swimming Hole , we follow the action through the eyes of the person who is trying to solve the crime. 
Other stories are told from the point of view of the criminal; 
as readers of Patricia Highsmith s  Woodrow Wilson s Tie , we share the murderer s thoughts as well as his actions. 
English mystery writer Margery Allingham (1904-66) was born in London. 
She followed other members of her family into a life of writing, producing her first mystery story in 1927. 
She also wrote about social history. 
In Three Is a Lucky Number we meet Ronald Torbay, who is making careful preparations for his third murder. 
But will he succeed? Born in Kentucky in 1940, Sue Grafton, who now lives in California, has won many prizes for her crime stories. 
Kinsey Millhone, a strong, intelligent female private detective with a good sense of humour, is the main character in her books and short stories. 
 Full Circle  takes place in the imaginary town of Santa Teresa in California. It seems that there has been a terrible car accident. 
But was it really an accident? British crime writer Simon Brett was born in 1945. 
After studying at Oxford University, he worked as a producer for BBC radio and London Weekend Television. 
He has written a number of radio and TV plays in addition to his books and short stories. 
Humphrey Partridge, the main character in  How s Your Mother? , lives alone with his sick mother. 
But nobody ever sees v her, and when the house burns down she cannot be found. Where has she gone? 
Sara Paretsky, born in Iowa in 1947, did a variety of jobs after leaving university before becoming a full-time writer. 
She has won many prizes for her crime writing and is particularly well known for her stories about V. I. Warshawski, a female private detective. 
In At the Old Swimming Hole, a woman is shot. V. I. follows the clues, but who is actually following who? 
Patricia Highsmith (1921-95), who also wrote under the name Claire Morgan, was from Texas, although she lived in Europe for much of her later life. 
Her first book, Strangers on a Train (1950), was very successful and was made into a film by Alfred Hitchcock. 
She too won many writing prizes and two of her stories are included in this collection. 
 Slowly, Slowly in the Wind  tells the story of an argument between neighbours that gets out of control. 
In  Woodrow Wilson s Tie  a young delivery boy visits the waxworks and has a strange idea, but who will believe him? 
American short story writer John George Reitci (1922-83) wrote under the name of Jack Ritchie. 
He was educated in Wisconsin, served in the United States Army, and wrote his best stories in the 1960s and 1970s. 
These stories have been reprinted many times in collections. 
A number of unusual detectives appear in his mystery stories; often they are not very good at detective work, and find the right solution by accident. 
In The Absence of Emily , Jack and Emily live next door to Emily s sister, Millicent. When Emily goes away without telling her, Millicent starts to worry. 
Is it possible that Jack has killed her? Colin Dexter, born in 1930 in Lincolnshire, England, became a schoolteacher after leaving Cambridge University. 
He later moved to Oxford where many of his stories, including the Inspector Morse mysteries, take place. 
Morse works closely with vi Sergeant Lewis, and the relationship between these two very different men develops with each story. 
In  The Inside Story , a woman has been murdered. Clues include picture postcards and a crime story written by the dead woman. So who killed her? And why?